Hey, but puppies today
I find orgasm no longer of happiness
no no no cut cut so create friends
that they want that I am going to tell them then in
this time our friends of the
editorial i like to read mexico between
parentheses but random house are going to
bring a news of this caliber
hello that as friends are I like
read today since I already learned
to read moments and now he's about to
take out a book and I hope that you
like it and want it and have fun with the
windsor
they bring us nothing more and nothing less than the
book of werevertumorro and that famous
acclaimed and master mind of writing
that appears on the chips and
kindness name and seriously there
speaking seriously what happens to them I have a
random house before they were cool like
I would say conversion are those who perhaps follow
the rainbow path to get to the
pot of gold just like did planet
publishing ridiculous youtubers books
this sounds too ridiculous that is me
I understand that it is a formula that gives
extra benefits to the editorial but
part of ridiculous copy next super
editorial sale is just a guy from
about 28 29 years that is dedicated to being
youtube on the branch of clear comedy
amuse the masses on YouTube
mainly young young people who
I like the comedy of pastelazo
the easy laugh by observing
nonsense that perhaps in your books is going to
talk about the recycled jokes of
the tea and casandra
I would not say something pathetic like that
pathetic really nothing has to do
in a literary world they already presented us
the news in which our writer
prodigy in a few months will publish his
book here in mexico a book to which he
He dedicated important months of hard work
I work writing without stopping myself maybe
write of wonder as write as a
teacher but reading is not your thing we see
how he was cheated by his manager for not
have read the contract I did not even
finished college not even
he studied letters he does not even have a
extensive literary baggage to his credit
really the books that are behind
him in his decoration in his videos not the
has read in the admitted then that
can contribute to the world of literature
There may be a tumor, I wonder, I do not
I bet you nothing really you
believe that the new book of
werevertumorro be the revelation of the year
that is pressing
not to mention a nobel or maybe yes maybe
be our second Nobel literature
in our country with the book entitled ay
what but puppies that surely can
have a tumor is not a very character
charismatic that motivates joy to
many young people love their style of
humor is fine is a means of
free youtube entertainment that
well there's nothing really wrong with
I like that another of its content
but this literature is not going anything
it's really just a money magnet for
the editorial and today I'm not saying
in favor ever tomorrow you have prohibited
write nobody is forbidding you
write really I do not even think that
he wrote that book they write for him
and they only put his face and his name
stamped on the book to sell
obviously and they put it as the author
intellectual everything is motivated by a
mutual agreement d
to the gains for both him and the
editorial and well I missed a bit of
penguin because he had it in a
concept moderately high good and
it will surely be a sales phenomenon
that sells a large number of copies
I would be surprised if it has a price
moderately low buy us other
books but good its price is not like
its quality but in this case lower
even null as he does not mention in the
video is going to make us laugh and good to me
which publish these books not
it causes me no grace remember before
that to publish a book you had to
have such literary baggage references
of other works have a narrative style
special have imagination originality
to longing to express their feelings
in a story and not this kind of
nonsense like what happens to bloggers
that anything that happens to them
the mind puts it there and it's only
threw up
It's a shame that in Mexico I know
literature promoted in Mexico not
it is characterized for being a reading country
but hey that they read this type of
content
no, it's not like books, because really
reading this type of literature does not entail
the depth that supports it with
priority does not transport us to a
world beyond our imagination
plasma a reality that we live not us
leave a teaching in itself and good
it's a shame I only fulfill my
committed here in I say is my job
do this I like to go back I like it
wherever I have nothing against him
I think it's a boy who has made a
Exceptional work on YouTube contributing
what is today blogger today in
day with his cool mood before now it's
a little recycled that can be done
really if it's a snuff but good
I do and I hope that you have
liked in this German video and it's
above
mari work subscribe is very
important that comment your impression
down here and they are watching us
good bye